Script Actions


See Editor Support on how to use the new Script
Actions from map editors.

Gather at Enemy (53)


The previously unused parameter of the Gather at Enemy script action is
now added to [General]►AISafeDistance to determine the distance from the
center of the enemy base the team should gather at. Can be negative to shorten
the distance.

 2.0



 Scripts; Distance setting for Gather at Base

Gather at Base (54)


Ares splits the tag [General]►AISafeDistance into two, which is
used for two similar team script actions serving different purposes.

[General]AIFriendlyDistance=integer - cells
  Cell distance the AI will use for gathering outside the owning player's base
  using script action 54. Defaults to [General]►AISafeDistance.

Like for the Gather at Enemy script action, the previously unused
parameter of the Gather at Base script action is now added to the
distance from the center of the own base the team should gather at. Can be
negative to shorten the distance.

 2.0



 Scripts; Iron Curtain team script extended

.. _script-ironcurtain:

Iron Curtain (55)


Previously, the game would only look at the first (and usually only) super
weapon with Type=IronCurtain, then check whether it was either ready or
almost charged. If that was not the case, the script action failed.

Ares will instead check all super weapon with
SW.AITargetingMode=IronCurtain and will fire the first one that is fully
charged, or wait, if any is at least almost charged. The script will fail
otherwise.

The previously unused parameter of the IronCurtain script action is now
used to denote the group the Iron Curtain super weapon has to belong to before
being considered. This allows to create super weapon groups (for instance for
traditional Iron Curtain and new AttachEffect boosts) and different teams to
rely on different super weapon groups.

 2.0



 Scripts; Auxiliary Power

Auxiliary Power (65)


This new script action permanently changes the power output of the house owning
the team. Power value can be negative to create a power drain. Applying this
effect multiple times is cumulative.

The format is 65,<power>.

 3.0



 Scripts; Kill Drivers

Kill Drivers (66)


Kills all drivers of the units in this team. This script respects Protected
Drivers, Iron Curtain and all the other mechanisms that prevent drivers being
killed.

All affected units will change to the country called Special.

The format is 66,0.

 3.0



 Scripts; Take Vehicles

Take Vehicles (67)


All infantry in this team that are either CanDrive=yes or
VehicleThief=yes will be assigned the closest vehicle they can drive or
hijack. If the infantry finds a vehicle to take, it will leave the team.

This works like the similar script actions Garrison Structure,
Enter Occupiable, and Enter Tank Bunker: The infantry will try
to find a new object once the current one becomes unavailable for capturing. If
there is none such alternative object to take, the infantry will stop.

The format is 67,0.

 3.0



 Scripts; Convert Type

.. _script-converttype:

Convert Type (68)


Immediately changes all members of this team into their respective script
conversion types, if set. Units that don't have this tag set stay unaffected.
This is a generalization of the script actions Unload Truck and
Load Truck.

See Conversion Triggered by Team Script for a
description of this feature.

The format is 68,0.

 3.0



 Scripts; Sonar Reveal

Sonar Reveal (69)


Disables the ability of all team members to cloak themselves for a number of
frames defined by the second parameter.

Use 0 to end the sonar effect.

The format is 69,<frames>.

 3.0



 Scripts; Disable Weapons

Disable Weapons (70)


Disables the ability of all team members to fire for a number of frames defined
by the second parameter.

Use 0 to end the weapon disabling effect.

The format is 70,<frames>.

 3.0
