Trigger Events


Ares adds the following Trigger Events to Yuri's Revenge.

In this section, the following terms are used:

Events that are *persistent* need to be satisfied only once and the game will
remember that they occured. Events that are not persistent thus have to be
satisfied the very instant for the event to fire.

An event is *incidental* if the event is actually satisfied by triggering that
very event. Incidental events occur at a specific point in time and are tied to
some specific action taking place. An example would be Spied By (2),
which is triggered the moment a Spy enters a building.

An event is *situational* if it depends on the circumstances of the match and
thus is satisfied at any point in time the condition is currently true. That is,
the condition is usually satisfied over a period of time and can potentially
change over time. Examples are No Factories Left (17) and Low
Power (30).

This means that a trigger with two non-persistent incidental events will never
fire, because they are raised one after another, not simultaneously, and thus
can never be satisfied at the same time.

It also means that if a trigger contains a chain of events, and it includes one
non-persistent incidental event, it will have to be the last event satisfied to
fire the trigger and execute the actions.

See Editor Support on how to use the new Trigger
Events from map editors.


 Trigger Events; Electromagnetic Pulse

Electromagnetic Pulse (62-65)


62,0,0 Under EMP: Triggers when the attached object is disabled by EMP
(works like Trigger Event 53 in Tiberian Sun).

63,0,<house> Under EMP By House: Triggers when the specified house
disables the attached object by EMP.

64,0,0 Removed EMP: Triggers when the attached object is reactivated by
a "healing" EMP.

65,0,<house> Removed EMP By House: Triggers when the specified house
reactivates the attached object by a "healing" EMP.

These are all incidental and non-persistent.

When deactivating an object, event 63 is triggered before 62
and when reactivating, 65 is triggered before 64. This is to
allow a specific house to take precedence over the general case.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Enemy In Spotlight Now

Enemy In Spotlight Now (66)


66,0,0 Enemy In Spotlight Now: Triggers when the attached building's
searching spotlight found an enemy. This works like event 54 in
Firestorm.

This works like event Enemy In Spotlight (35) with the minor difference
that the game will not remember if this event occurred.

This event is incidental and non-persistent.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Kill Driver

Kill Driver (67+68)


67,0,0 Driver Killed: Triggers when the driver of the attached object
has been killed.

68,0,<house> Driver Killed By House: Triggers when the specified house
kills the driver of the attached object.

Both events are incidental and persistent.

When killing a driver, event 68 is triggered before 67. This
is to allow a specific house to take precedence over the general case.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Vehicle Taken

Vehicle Taken (69+70)


69,0,0 Vehicle Taken: Triggers when a driver or Vehicle Thief enters
the attached object.

70,0,<house> Vehicle Taken By House: Triggers when a driver or Vehicle
Thief of the specified house enters the attached object.

Both events are incidental and persistent.

When taking a vehicle, event 70 is triggered before 69. This
is to allow a specific house to take precedence over the general case. Both
trigger before the Entered By event.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Abduction

Abduction (71-74)


71,0,0 Abducted: Triggers when the attached object is abducted.

72,0,<house> Abducted By House: Triggers when the specified house
abducts the attached object.

73,0,0 Abducts Something: Triggers when the attached object abducts
something.

74,0,<house> Abducts Something Of House: Triggers when an attached
object abducts something of the specified house.

These events are all incidental and non-persistent.

When an object is abducted, event 72 is triggered before 71
and when abducting an object, 74 is triggered before 73. This
is to allow a specific house to take precedence over the general case.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Super Weapon Activation

Super Weapon Activation (75+76)


75,0,<super weapon> Super Weapon Activated: Triggers when the owning
house fires the super weapon.

76,0,<super weapon> Super Weapon Deactivated: Triggers when the owning
house deactivates the super weapon. Only Charge-Drain super weapon types
deactivate.

Both events are incidental and persistent.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Super Weapon Near Waypoint

Super Weapon Near Waypoint (77)


77,2,<waypoint>,<super weapon ID> Super Weapon Activated Near Waypoint:
Triggers when the named super weapon is used near the waypoint.

This event is incidental and persistent.

The definition of *near* is the same as for Comes Near Waypoint.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Reverse Engineered

Reverse Engineered (78)


78,2,0,<techno type id> Reverse Engineered: Triggers while the owning
house has access to reverse engineered techno type.

This event is situational and non-persistent.

This event will trigger for the type a unit has been reversed as when put into a
reverse engineering structure, that is, respecting ReversedAs=.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Reverse Engineering

Reverse Engineering (79+80)


79,0,0 Reverse Engineers Anything: Triggers when the attached building
successfully reverse engineers any type.

80,2,0,<techno type id> Reverse Engineers Type: Triggers when the
attached building successfully reverse engineers the specific type.

Both events are incidental and persistent.

This event will trigger for the original type that is put into a reverse
engineering structure, not respecting ReversedAs=. It will however only
trigger if a unit has been reversed successfully, that is, only once per
reversed type, respecting ReversedAs=.

When reverse engineering, event 80 is triggered before 79.
This is to allow a specific house to take precedence over the general case.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; House Owns Techno Type

House Owns Techno Type (81+82)


81,2,<count>,<techno type id> House Owns Techno Type: Triggers while
the owning house has at least count instances of the specified techno type.

82,2,<count>,<techno type id> House Doesn't Own Techno Type: Triggers
while the owning house has fewer than count instances of the specified techno
type.

Both events are situational and non-persistent.

These mirror the Tech Type Exists (60) and Tech Type Doesn't
Exist (61), but they only check the owning house instead of all houses.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Attacked Or Destroyed By

Attacked Or Destroyed By (83+84)


83,0,0 Attacked Or Destroyed By Anybody: Triggers when the attached
object is attacked or destroyed by any attack (even ones without source).

84,0,<house> Attacked Or Destroyed By House: Triggers when the attached
object is attacked or destroyed by an attack where the source is owned by a
specific house.

Both events are incidental and non-persistent.

These mirror the Attacked By Anybody (6) and Attacked By House
(44) trigger events, but they will fire even if the object just has been
destroyed with the first strike, that is, also for fatal hits.

Unlike the original game, the house-specific event will fire first to allow the
more specific event to take precedence over the less specific one.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Destroyed By House

Destroyed By House (85)


85,0,<house> Destroyed By House: Triggers when the attached object is
destroyed by any attack where the source is owned by a specific house.

This event is incidental and persistent.

The house-specific event 85 will fire before the generic event
Destroyed By Anybody (7) to allow the more specific event to take
precedence over the less specific one.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; Techno Type Doesn't Exist More Than

Techno Type Doesn't Exist More Than (86)


86,2,<count>,<techno type id> Techno Type Doesn't Exist More Than:
Triggers while there are no more than count instances of the specified techno
type.

This event is situational and non-persistent.

 3.0



 Trigger Events; All KeepAlives Destroyed

All KeepAlives Destroyed (87+88)


87,0,<house> All KeepAlives Destroyed: Triggers when the specified
house has no more KeepAlive=yes objects.

88,0,<house> All KeepAlive Buildings Destroyed: Triggers when the
specified house has no more buildings with KeepAlive=yes.

Both events are situational and persistent.

 3.0

