 Command Line; Don't require the Yuri's Revenge game disk
 Command Line; Don't play the EA/Westwood logo video

Command Line Arguments


:-CD: Allows the game to run without the Yuri's Revenge CD. Requires the
  content of the Yuri's Revenge CD to be copied to the Red Alert
  2 directory first. The First Decade users already have all the
  required files installed, so no further action has to be taken.
:-NOLOGO: Prevents the EA logo video from playing before the game begins to
  load.
:-LOG: Turns debug.log file writing on initially. See Internal
  Errors/Debugging.
:-LOG-CSF: Outputs all CSF labels that cannot be found in the language files
  into debug.log. Each label is written only once, and prefixed with
  [CSFLoader].
:-STRICT: Throws an Internal Error on game load if a not-necessarily-critical
  error is detected. For example, when you set a flag to a non-empty value that
  cannot be parsed.
  
   There are several existing errors in the stock rules that will trip
    this so you will need to clean them up before using it.
:-AI-CONTROL: Enables AI Control feature. Entering this command in the command
  line before opening Yuri's Revenge allows the player to assign a
  hotkey to allowing AI control.
  
   This feature was designed primarily for the purposes of offline
    testing and AI design testing. Due to this, feature complexity, lack of
    interest and a change in personnel, please note that this feature is NOT
    officially supported.
:-AFFINITY\:N: Controls which processors the game will run on. N is a
  bit mask with one bit for each processor starting with 1 for the
  first, 2 for the second, 4 for the third and so on. If not
  set, 1 is used, meaning the game will run on the first processor
  only. Use 0 to disable this feature.

   Several bits can be combined, like 3 representing the
    first two processors. Usually, the game should run on only one processor
    (that is, N being a power of 2), as it is not designed to make use
    of multiple processors.

 0.1
