Splits and Airburst


The Splits missile feature of Firestorm fame has been ported over
to Yuri's Revenge, with several changes and additions. The related
Airburst logic has been expanded.

 0.7



  Projectiles; Splitting in mid-air
  Universe; Cyborg Reaper missiles

Splits


The split weapon of the Cyborg Reaper from Firestorm fired two missiles.
Each of them split in mid-air after gaining some altitude, releasing two new
projectiles each, which would either travel on to the initial target, aim for a
new target no more than two cells nearby, or impact on a random cell in a 7 by 7
area.

The actual split happens when an Airburst=yes projectile is above its
target, a Ranged=yes projectile exceeds its weapon's
ProjectileRange or the projectile
detonates otherwise.

Refer to Splits on ModEnc 
for a more detailed description of the logic.

 The Splits logic has been de-hardcoded compared to Tiberian
  Sun. The AirburstWeapon's Damage is no longer multiplied by
  10. Its Speed is used instead of the hardcoded 19,
  and its Bright setting is now also respected instead of just being
  disabled. In Ares, Splits only targets air units if the
  Airburst projectile is AA=yes, and it only retargets objects the
  projectile's warhead can affect.

 Even though speed is not hardcoded any more, you cannot use
  Speed values lower than 19 on the AirburstWeapon or
  the logic will start to fail and behave erratically.

[Projectile]Splits=boolean
  Whether the projectile will split into a number of other projectiles defined
  by Cluster and AirburstWeapon. Can be combined with
  Airburst. Defaults to no.

[Projectile]RetargetAccuracy=float - percentage
  The probability that a split cluster will aim for the same target the original
  projectile was shot at. The higher the value, the less likely it is for the
  split projectile to choose another target. Valid range is 0.0 to
  1.0. Defaults to 0.0.

[Projectile]RetargetSelf=boolean
  Whether the firing unit itself can become the target when retargeting. If
  no, the firer will be exempt, though could still be hit by a
  retargeted projectile that hits the cell the firer is on. Defaults to
  yes.


 Projectiles; Airburst radius

Airburst


The Airburst logic was used for the MultiMissile in Tiberian Sun
to deal damage to randomly selected cells below the target area. In Red
Alert 2 the logic has been changed and it always bursts into nine clusters
covering an area of 3 by 3 cells.

[Projectile]AirburstSpread=float - cell range
  The range the airburst effect covers. Each cell in range will be targeted by
  the AirburstWeapon. Requires Airburst=yes. Cannot be combined
  with Splits=yes. Defaults to 1.5.


Common Settings


[Projectile]AroundTarget=boolean
  Whether a projectile with Splits=yes or Airburst=yes should use
  the area around the original target to look for new targets for each cluster.
  If enabled, the clusters will continue their way to the originally intended
  target. Otherwise, the clusters will search for new targets in the area where
  the projectile split up. Defaults to Splits.
