Cloak Depending On State


Cloak Only If Standing Still (CloakStop)


In Tiberian Sun units could be made to cloak only when they stopped
moving using CloakStop=yes. This tag was not working in the following
games. Ares restores it.

 \ CloakStop=yes is not supported for BalloonHover=yes
  units. It does not work without Cloakable=yes. CLOAK ability
  will not be affected by it.

.. index: Cloak; CloakStop restored.

 0.5


Cloak Only If Deployed


Infantry can be made cloakable only when deployed. When undeployed, the infantry
will decloak again. This applies to all active cloaking abilities like
Cloakable=yes or the CLOAK ability. Only Cloak Generators will
cloak the infantry even if not deployed.

[InfantryType]Cloakable.Deployed=boolean
  Whether this infantry is only allowed to self-cloak when deployed. Requires
  Deployer=yes and Cloakable=yes. Defaults to no.

.. index: Cloak; Cloakable only if infantry is deployed.

 0.5


Cloak Only If Powered


Powered=yes buildings stay cloaked even if they have no power. This can
be changed using the following tag. This does not affect buildings cloaked by a
Cloak Generator.

[BuildingType]Cloakable.Powered=boolean
  Whether this building will uncloak when shut down or in low-power situations.
  Otherwise the building will be allowed to cloak. Defaults to no.

.. index: Cloak; Cloakable only if building has power.

 0.5


Disallow Cloaking


This can be used to create Tiberium Wars-style stealth generators like
the Disruption Tower, which cloaks everything around but stays uncloaked itself,
even if other Disruption Towers are placed nearby.

[TechnoType]Cloakable.Allowed=boolean
  Whether this techno is allowed to cloak at all. If set to no, this
  techno is not allowed to be cloaked (neither through self-cloak nor through
  Cloak Generators). Defaults to yes.
  
If a unit is disallowed from cloaking, it will not receive cloak bonuses through
crates. In case a crate provides the cloaking ability, it will fall back to
money.

.. index: Cloak; Uncloakable technos.

 0.5
